# CS120-Final-Project
The goal of this project was to design game that allowed the user to control a plane to shoot back at other enemy planes using bullets. The enemies would also be able to shoot bullets back at you. They game would be endless and you die when you run out of your 5 lives. If I had time then I potentially wanted to add powerups and maybe a boss fight to create that "fun" factor for the game
Use the WASD keys to move. Those keys will also allow you to shoot the bullets. Destroy the enemy planes to get more points added to your score. Dodge all enemy planes and enemy bullets as they will subtract your HP.
All of my images were from PNGtree.com, pinterest, google images, PNGIMG.com, and the creators hub that was posted on the canvas page for my CS120 Class
I learned that gaming and animation vs regular programs is way harder and it takes an entirely new way of thinking to grasp the concepts needed to make the game. 
I got stuck at a lot of places. I couldn't get the bullets to work. It seemed my most common form of error were attribute errors. I couldn't get the seperate background images to work. I wrote all the code necessay to create the bullets but my program doesn't display them. It's weird considering it doesn't crash my program at all throughout its run time. I got the quit button to work but I couldn't get the reset button to work. So to play the game again you have to quit and restart the application
I would like to improve everywhere if I'm almost. I want to make computer science my profession eventually so I feel if I can understand game development then I can understand software engineering. I just need more time to practice things that I have learned.
I wouldn't do anything differently next time. It's just confusing to me as to where im supposed to write certain parts of code and I dont understand simpleGE. I would like to learn the fundamentals of gaming because I don't feel as if im ready to think at a higher level of programming since I am still a beginner
The only part that didn't follow my game design document was the idea for multiple background images instead of 1. Everything else was what I wanted
I focused on doing one thing at a time and going through the game design document I created to make sure I stayed on track and new what I needed to do next to get my game done.
